#summary Change log for DdiEditor

= Change Log = 
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== Version 1.5.0 ==
=== Features ===
 * Reference to resource package is now supported for the following components: Code Scheme and Category Scheme.
 * Error related to import of SPSS statistics for numeric variable has been corrected.
 * Variable Editor: Response type may now be changed.

== Version 1.4.1 ==
=== Features ===
 * New unique study unit and resource package creation with minimal schema requirements
 * Create/ delete menu implemented on resource element types in menu
 * Improved question import dialog
 * DdiEditor-Line support for interviewer instructions
 * Print of statement item and interviewer instruction
 * Statement item editor bug fix
 * Instrument editor bug fix
 * Validate option on Validate View and auto focus  
 * Code scheme editor update      	 
 * Dynamic view code/ category table support for non default category scheme
 * Print numeric variables with missing codes
 * Added agency and version support in references on batch meta data creation
 * Variable-, code-, categoryscheme DAO create bug fix
 * Concepts fix on numeric variables ingest
 * Fix of reload of study unit level info

== Version 1.4.0 ==
=== Features ===
 * Validate View improved.
 * Stylesheet print-time option added - to control frequence table for numeric variables.
 * Resource Package now supported for Code Schemes.
 * Missing Values now also printed for numeric variables (if frequence table 
requested).

== Version 1.3.0 ==
=== Features ===
 * Import of CESSDA topics in study topical coverage
 * Support of multi creator
 * Creator affiliation support
 * DDIE-168 - Reimport study universe
 * DDIE-147 - Insert Scheme causing invalid XML
 * DDIE-166 - Import of funding information	
 * DDIE-136 - Study unit editor -scroll down of DDI-L XML tab
 * DDIE-136 - Proper creation of missing value attribute on SPSS import
 * DDIE-169 - Print of variable without code scheme but having defined missing codes 
 * Variable support of missing codes
 * Text wrap support in frequencies table in DDI-L style sheet 

== Version 1.2.0 ==
=== Features ===
 * DdiEditor Line support for nested ifthenelse now given in wiki file of 
File->Import->Questions.
 * DDA DdiXslt now supports nested ifthenelse.
 * DDIE-163 - Error in createQuestionScheme corrected.
 * DDIE-152 - Print is loaded 2 times
 * DdiEditor SPSS support of long string variables
 * DdiEditor SPSS support of measure export to DDI-L
 * DDIXslt measure support
 * DdiEditor UI DDI-L schema validation feature

== Version 1.1.0 ==
=== Features ===
 * Set no compression on DBXml storage, to speed up queries
 * Added Dynamic View feature
 * DDI 3.1 style sheet now supports statistics, missing values and data range.

=== Infrastructure ===
 * Refactoring of Respone Type
 * Perspective Utility implementation