#DdiEditor Line syntax

=DdiEditor Line=
DdiEditor Line is a plug-in encapsulating the feature to script DDI-L elements in [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Formatting Mediawiki format] acting as an import tool for the DdiEditor platform. The DDI-L supported elements are devided in two groups. DDI-L elements directly scripted in [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Formatting Mediawiki format] and DDI-L elements that are indirectly created.

==Directly specified DDI-L Elements==
The following section describes the directly specified DDI-L elements and their Mediawiki syntax.

===Universe===
When a universe is defined the following defined questions items are related to it.
{{{
=Universe Label=Universe Description
}}}

===Question Scheme===
When a question scheme is defined the following defined questions items using it as their maintainable element. 
{{{
==Question Scheme Label==Question Scheme Description
}}}

===Question Item===
{{{
* V[vari number] Question text
}}} 
Note, vari number is the variable identifier that the question item relates to. If a question item has non or more variable relation '''na''' as variable number, may be specified to skip the relation to a variable. Specificly variable number has to be the same unique content defined in a variable name element within the same resource to define a question item and variable relation. 

===Category===
Categories can be defined or a whole category scheme can be referred.

*Defined:*
{{{
** Category text
}}}

*Referred:*
{{{
** [vari number]
}}}
Eg: 
{{{
** V12
}}}
Vari number refers to the question item related to a variable. The referred category scheme is the scheme associated with the code scheme of the variable.

===Multiple Question Item===
A multiple question item is defined by a start and end enclosing question items.
{{{
'''Multiple Question Item Text'''
* V10 Question Item
* V11 Question Item
'''end'''
}}}

===Statement Item===
A statement item is defined by
{{{
''state'' Statement Item Text
}}}

===Computation Item===
A computation item is defined by
{{{
''comp'' [boolean expression] [vari number] Label Text
}}}

*Boolean expresssion* specifies the condition accociated with one to many values of variables and the following expressions:
  * > greater than
  * >= equals or greater than
  * < lesser than
  * =< equals or greater than
  * == equals
  * && AND
  * || OR

*Vari number* refers to the related variable.

===If Then Else===
The Control Construct IfThenElse element/ filter. 
{{{
''ifthenelse'' [boolean expression] [then vari number] [else vari number] Statement Item Text
}}}

*Question ref* Is the reference to the if condition question

*Boolean expresssion* specifies the condition accociated with one to many values of variables and the following expressions:
  * > greater than
  * >= equals or greater than
  * < lesser than
  * =< equals or greater than
  * == equals
  * && AND
  * || OR

*Then vari number* refers to the then question item related to a variable.
<br><br>
*Else vari number* refers to the else question item related to a variable. The else reference can be *na*.

{{{
''ifthenelse'' V2>6&&V12==2}}} V16 na We would like to ask you some more questions regarding online gaming.
}}}
 
==Indirectly created DDI-L Elements==
===Concept===
When a question scheme is defined the question items residing within the question schme are related to a created concept have the same label as the question schme.
  
===Category Scheme===
When one to many categories under a question item are defined they are residing with in a constructed category scheme with a label representing the categories. 

===Question Construct===
When a question item is defined a corresponding question construct is defined.

===Sequence===
All question items, multiple questions and if then else constructs are added by reference to a sequence reflecting the logic flow of the survey.

===Universe===
When an if then else construct is defined the then question item reference is releated to a constructed universe reflecting the filter.